###### As the file sizes for the raw data reached over 200 GB, the processed data has been included. If the raw data is of interest, please contact Jillian Kusch to discuss access. 3 csv files contain all data for the results section:

###### patch_visits_per_patch.csv contains 6 columns. The first column, rounded_patch, includes the final value of forage for the patch. The second and third columns contain the mean and standard error, mean_visit and se respectively, for visits per patch over the simulation. The final 3 columns describe the level of social attraction, density, and interference competition for each trial. The data have been averaged across 60 trials per combination of social attraction, density, and competition.   

###### residence_time_per_patch.csv contains 6 columns. The first 3 columns contain the level for the density, interference, and social attraction of each trial. The fourth column, patch_value, includes the final value of forage for the patch. The fifth and sixth columns contain residence_time and se which corresponds with the mean and standard error of the residence time of each caribou-agent per patch value. The data have been averaged across 60 trials per combination of social attraction, density, and competition.   

###### mean_residence_time_and_consumption_rate.csv contains 8 columns. The first 3 columns describe the level of density, competition interference, and social attraction used for each trial. The fourth and fifth columns, residence_time and std_residence_time contain the mean and standard deviation of the residence time per caribou-agent across all patches. The sixth and seventh columns, mean_expected_consumption_rate and std_expected_consumption_rate contain the mean and standard deviation of the consumption rate per caribou-agent per time step. The final column contains the replicate trial number per scenario. 
